[BYOIP] Introduce service bindings and link to API (#17220)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/byoip/service-bindings.mdx

---
title: IP address service bindings
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 6
  label: Service bindings

> description: In IP address management, service binding refers to the association of IPs to specific Cloudflare services. Review the available options and the API endpoints to set this up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: In IP address management, service binding refers to the association of IPs to specific Cloudflare services. Review the available options and the API endpoints to set up service bindings.
```
Nit: I'd avoid "this" here.

---

Within IP address management, service binding refers to the association of an IP (or a range of IPs) to specific Cloudflare services.

:::note
Service binding operations are currently only available via API. You can find all endpoints and their specifications in the [Cloudflare API documentation](/api/operations/ip-address-management-service-bindings-list-service-bindings).
:::

## Scope

Currently, if you have BYOIP configured with [Magic Transit](/magic-transit/), you can use the [service binding API](/api/operations/ip-address-management-service-bindings-list-service-bindings) endpoints to add CDN or Spectrum capabilities on top of Magic Transit.

### CDN (Cache)

> When you add the CDN service binding, any HTTP requests received via designated IPs are directed into the CDN pipeline (for [Layer 7 processing](/fundamentals/concepts/how-cloudflare-works/#how-cloudflare-works-as-a-reverse-proxy)) as they land on the Cloudflare network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add the CDN service binding, any HTTP requests received via designated IPs are directed into the CDN pipeline (for [Layer 7 processing](/fundamentals/concepts/how-cloudflare-works/#how-cloudflare-works-as-a-reverse-proxy)) as they reach the Cloudflare network.
```
